README.md, before:

# [Agora.io](http://www.agora.io/en/) Xamarin iOS/Android bindings project

The Agora SDK allows you to effortlessly integrate call functionality into your app or website.

## Xamarin.iOS and Xamarin.Android Agora SDK packages

Xamarin.Agora.Full.Android - includes all capabilities [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Xamarin.Agora.Full.Android)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Xamarin.Agora.Full.Android/)

Xamarin.Agora.Voice.Android - includes voice-only capabilities (no video) [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Xamarin.Agora.Voice.Android)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Xamarin.Agora.Voice.Android/)

Xamarin.Agora.Full.iOS - includes all capabilities [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Xamarin.Agora.Full.iOS)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Xamarin.Agora.Full.iOS/)

Xamarin.Agora.Voice.iOS - includes voice-only capabilities (no video) [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Xamarin.Agora.Voice.iOS)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Xamarin.Agora.Voice.iOS/)

## Native packages

You can download native packages [here](http://www.agora.io/en/blog/download/).

in this repo you will find binding projects for both versions - FULL and VOICE, difference is in support of video and size of lib

## Sample App

You can build and run OneToOne sample app available on [GitHub](https://github.com/DreamTeamMobile/Xamarin.Agora.Samples)

Step by step iOS Tutorial is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/DreamTeamMobile/Xamarin.Agora.Samples/tree/tutorial/Tutorial)

## How to build?

* [How to build Android dll's](/Xamarin.Agora.Android)
* [How to build iOS dll's](/Xamarin.Agora.iOS)

## License

The MIT License (MIT).

Commit message:

Update SDKs to 2.3.3, add Xamarin.Forms SDK

README.md, after:

# [Agora.io](http://www.agora.io/en/) Xamarin iOS/Android bindings project

The Agora SDK allows you to effortlessly integrate call functionality into your app or website.

## Xamarin.iOS and Xamarin.Android Agora SDK packages

Xamarin.Agora.Full.Android - includes all capabilities [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Xamarin.Agora.Full.Android)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Xamarin.Agora.Full.Android/)

Xamarin.Agora.Voice.Android - includes voice-only capabilities (no video) [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Xamarin.Agora.Voice.Android)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Xamarin.Agora.Voice.Android/)

Xamarin.Agora.Full.iOS - includes all capabilities [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Xamarin.Agora.Full.iOS)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Xamarin.Agora.Full.iOS/)

Xamarin.Agora.Voice.iOS - includes voice-only capabilities (no video) [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Xamarin.Agora.Voice.iOS)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Xamarin.Agora.Voice.iOS/)

Xamarin.Agora.Full.MacOS - includes all capabilities [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Xamarin.Agora.Full.Mac)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Xamarin.Agora.Full.Mac/)

Xamarin.Agora.Full.Forms - includes all capabilities [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Xamarin.Agora.Full.Forms)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Xamarin.Agora.Full.Forms/)

## Native packages

You can download native packages [here](https://docs.agora.io/en/Agora%20Platform/downloads).

in this repo you will find binding projects for both versions - FULL and VOICE, difference is in support of video and size of lib

## Sample App

You can build and run OneToOne sample apps available on [GitHub](https://github.com/DreamTeamMobile/Xamarin.Agora.Samples)

Step by step iOS tutorial is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/DreamTeamMobile/Xamarin.Agora.Samples/tree/master/Tutorial)

## How to build?

* [How to build Android SDK](/Xamarin.Agora.Android)
* [How to build iOS SDK](/Xamarin.Agora.iOS)

## License

The MIT License (MIT).
